# DatabaseThe database manages the data that users create when using the app. Here you can configure and view the data in your app\'s database.### PrivateYou can transition to the Privacy rules tab.### Create a new tableYou can create a new table by entering the name of the table.### EditYou can change the table name from the pen icon.### DeleteYou can delete the table from the trash can icon.## TableThe data in the app\'s database will be listed. Display data by data type. You can create, edit, and delete specific fields in the database.## Custom typeThese fields are automatically defined when you create the table. These also apply to the user\'s table.### IdThe unique ID of the field. The data type is to search for.### Created_atStores the date the field was created. The data type is date.### Updated_atStores the date the field was last edited. The data type is date.## Custom fieldDefine a new field in the table.### FieldThe field requires a data type. Numbers, texts, yes / no, dates, files, etc. You can also choose the name of a table that already exists to create the relation.### Add fieldYou can set the field name, data type, unique value, default value and create a new field.### Unique valueSelect a unique value to display the unique ID of the field.## UserIn the user table, in addition to the custom fields, the following specific fields are displayed by default.### Email emailStores the registered user\'s email. The data type is string.### PhoneStores the phone number of the registered user. The data type is string.### RoleA group or template of users. It is created according to the type of user (administrator, developer, general user, etc.), and a role value is assigned to each user. The data type is string.### Is_super_adminStores either \"yes / no\" as to whether the user is an app administrator. The data type is boolean.### Email_confirmedStores the confirmation email usage used for user registration as either \"Yes / No\". The data type is boolean.### Phone_confirmedStores the use of the confirmation phone number used for user registration as either \"Yes / No\". The data type is boolean.## App dataThe data in the app\'s database is displayed. Display data by data type and display specific fields in columns. You can also create, modify, delete specific fields in the database, or upload them in bulk,### SearchYou can search the field.### FilterYou can narrow down the data you want to display in the list.### New inputYou can create a new field.### ImportImport the database information.### BulkCollectively manage data.## Privacy rulesPrivacy allows users to set rules regarding the display of different types of data.### 